clarify CID length requirements for VN packets (#4187)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-transport.md

and that the Version Negotiation packet was not generated by an off-path
attacker.

Future versions of QUIC may have different requirements for the lengths of

> connection IDs larger than version 1. In particular, connection IDs might not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
connection IDs. Other versions might allow connection IDs to be longer.  Other
versions might permit shorter or longer connection IDs to be included in packets
sent by a client to open a connection. A server MUST send a Version Negotiation
packet in response to a packet containing a connection ID smaller than 8 bytes
or larger than 20 bytes.
```

Reviewer 2: @martinthomson Isn't the second sentence (i.e., "Other versions might allow connection IDs to be longer.") excessive? The next sentence covers that, I think.

> length or a greater maximum length.  Version-specific rules for QUIC packets

Reviewer 3: With the context of the first new sentence the second sentence is clearly apply to CIDs, but it indicates that there might be other aspects. What aspects are not invariant here?

> connection IDs larger than version 1. In particular, connection IDs might not
> be required to have a minimum lengths, and might be longer than 20 bytes.  A

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
connection IDs. In particular, connection IDs might have a smaller minimum
length or a greater maximum length.  A
```

server therefore MUST respond with a Version Negotiation packets for all

> lengths of connection IDs allowed by the layout defined here.

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure if "MUST send" is the correct phrase here. This would be a contradiction to what we already have in [section 5.2.2](https://quicwg.org/base-drafts/draft-ietf-quic-transport.html#name-server-packet-handling), states, quote: _if a server receives a packet that indicates an unsupported version but is large enough to initiate a new connection for any supported version, the server SHOULD send a Version Negotiation packet as described in Section 6.1_.

I think what we need to say here is that the CID length rules do not apply to other protocol versions, and no more.

Reviewer 2: PS. Therefore I think that this paragraph can be as simple as something like: _Note that version-specific rules for QUIC packets (e.g., limits on connection ID lengths) SHOULD NOT influence the decision of whether or not to send Version Negotiation packets, because they might change between the versions._

Reviewer: That works for me also.  (I wasn't sure about the "MUST" for that reason, but I couldn't find the right words.)  A "MUST NOT" would work for your suggestion:

> Version-specific rules for QUIC packets MUST NOT influence a server decision about whether to send a Version Negotiation packet.

Reviewer 5: I don't think we should say a server MUST send a VN. Makes it sound like it's a protocol violation if I don't respond to a flood of packets, each with their own VN packet. For instance, if MsQuic receives a burst of packets from an endpoint, it generally sends a single VN packet in response.

> Future versions of QUIC may have different requirements for the lengths of
> connection IDs larger than version 1. In particular, connection IDs might not
> be required to have a minimum lengths, and might be longer than 20 bytes.  A
> server therefore MUST respond with a Version Negotiation packets for all
> lengths of connection IDs allowed by the layout defined here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Future versions of QUIC may have different requirements for the lengths of
connection IDs.   Version-specific rules for QUIC packets MUST NOT influence a
server decision about whether to send a Version Negotiation packet.
```

> lengths of connection IDs allowed by the layout defined here.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
lengths of connection IDs allowed by the layout defined in Section 5.1
of {{QUIC-INVARIANTS}}.
```
